c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.dll
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.pdb
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingLib.dll
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyPriorityQueueLib.dll
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyConverterLib.dll
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingLib.pdb
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyPriorityQueueLib.pdb
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyConverterLib.pdb
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\PersonInfoDLL.PersonInfoClass.resources
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.dll
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.pdb
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.FileLoadingBox.resources
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.FileMessageBox.resources
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.LoginForm.resources
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.MenuWindow.resources
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.ProgressContainer.resources
c:\users\yulin.sung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.TalkingForm.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.dll
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.pdb
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingLib.dll
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingLib.pdb
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.FileLoadingBox.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.FileMessageBox.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.LoginForm.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.MenuWindow.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\PersonInfoDLL.PersonInfoClass.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.ProgressContainer.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.TalkingForm.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.TalkingPage.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.dll
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingLib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingLib.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.FileLoadingBox.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.FileMessageBox.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.LoginForm.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.MenuWindow.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\PersonInfoDLL.PersonInfoClass.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.ProgressContainer.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.TalkingForm.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.TalkingPage.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.DownloadProgressBar.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.DownloadPage.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.DownloadPage.resources
C:\Users\yulin.sung\Desktop\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.DownloadProgressBar.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.dll
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.pdb
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingLib.dll
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MyTalkingLib.pdb
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.DownloadPage.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.DownloadProgressBar.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.FileLoadingBox.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.FileMessageBox.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.LoginForm.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.MenuWindow.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\PersonInfoDLL.PersonInfoClass.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.ProgressContainer.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.TalkingForm.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.TalkingPage.resources
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.dll
D:\Project\Communication-Project\TalkingProject\MyTalkingUILib\MyTalkingUILib\obj\Debug\MyTalkingUILib.pdb
